create guidelines to create a plugin (#118)
massalabs/docs: docs/build/plugin/introduction.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Introduction

[Massa Station](https://github.com/massalabs/station) is a modular applications, it is easily extendable with plugins, allowing users to customise and enhance its functionality. For instance, one can use plugins to develop a [wallet](link) or a node manager that allows you to easily run a node.

> To avail of these benefits, the Station app provides a module store with all existing plug-and-play services. As a user, you simply have to run Massa Station, access [the entry point](station.massa.net) and start customizing your station to build the blockchain experience you want. As an entrepreneur or a developer, you can easily build your own module and add it to the store.

Reviewer: I believe we could keep only the last sentence (without the "entrepreneur" imo) and build around it.

> To avail of these benefits, the Station app provides a module store with all existing plug-and-play services. As a user, you simply have to run Massa Station, access [the entry point](https://station.massa/) and start customizing your station to build the blockchain experience you want. As an entrepreneur or a developer, you can easily build your own module and add it to the store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

:::tip
In the context of Massa Station, the terms "plugin" and "module" are used interchangeably to refer to the same thing, which is an extension or additional functionality that can be developed to work with Massa Station.
:::

> At its core, a plugin is a binary that adheres to specific guidelines defined [here](./guidelines). These guidelines ensure that the plugin integrates smoothly with Massa Station, allowing users to easily leverage its features and benefits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a developer, you can easily build your own module, and add it to the store to make it accessible to all Massa Station users. At its core, a plugin is a binary that adheres to specific [guidelines](./guidelines).
```

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Introduction

Massa Station is one entrance door to Massa blockchain unlocking all possibilities. It enables everyone to access all blockchain functionalities in one single application. [Learn more](../wallet/massa-station.mdx)

Plugin adds functionalities to Massa Station such as a secured wallet that only runs on your computer, a node manager that allows you to install a node in one click and many more.

> For that, the Station app provides a module store with all existing plug-and-play services. As a user, you simply have to [download Massa Station](https://github.com/massalabs/station/releases) and start customizing your station to build the blockchain experience you want. As an entrepreneur or a developer, you can easily build your own module and add it to the store.

Reviewer: What does `for that` refer to ?

Author: I can replace it with `To avail of these benefits`

> For that, the Station app provides a module store with all existing plug-and-play services. As a user, you simply have to [download Massa Station](https://github.com/massalabs/station/releases) and start customizing your station to build the blockchain experience you want. As an entrepreneur or a developer, you can easily build your own module and add it to the store.

Reviewer: I'd rather have the link refer to the entry point of Massa Station (station.massa.net).

Reviewer 2: I didn't know this website already existed
That's a good idea to use it yes !

> :::tip

Reviewer: The first time you mention plugins you can say something like `plugins, or modules, ...` and then remove this tip. It doesn't add much imo.

Author: WDYT @thomas-senechal  ?

Reviewer 2: That's a good idea but I'm scared that people think that those are 2 different things

Reviewer: So I suggest we remove it and if we see it's confusing we'll add a note.

In the context of Massa Station, the terms "plugin" and "module" are used interchangeably to refer to the same thing, which is an extension or additional functionality that can be developed to work with Massa Station.
:::

> ## Technically, what is a plugin ?

Reviewer: Do we need a section for a one-liner ?

---
sidebar_position: 1
---
# Introduction
Massa Station is one entrance door to Massa blockchain unlocking all possibilities. It enables everyone to access all blockchain functionalities in one single application. [Learn more](../wallet/massa-station.mdx)

> For that, the Station app provides a module store with all existing plug-and-play services. As a user, you simply have to download Massa Station (link to the landing page) and start customizing your station to build the blockchain experience you want. As an entrepreneur or a developer, you can easily build your own module and add it to the store.

Reviewer 3: add "link to the landing page"
